FieldUnLock
===========

This is a branch of the famous TapUnlock - better: FieldUnLock uses TapUnlock
as a base because TapUnlock already solved many problem, so why reinvent.
TapUnlock also contained features that i do not consider as part of a
lockscreen. These features were removed. Instead the goal is the best security
that can be achieved with the least effort to unlock the screen and not to be
another launcher.

The name "FieldUnLock" is derived from the term "Near Field Communication" but
from the usability that one need "in the field" as well. I do outdoor sports
and sometimes you just can't enter passwords. Instead a NFC at your watch or in
your glove is great.

Roadmap
-------

Add the following features:

-	Take picture with frontcam if wrong password was entered

-	Save a password on the NFC chip

-	Switch off all USB access if locked and usb not connected, otherwise on disconnect

-	Send out information like the picture or the location

-	Replace androids standard lockscreen to be able to encrypt phone with
	the password on the NFC

-	Lock off volume/ring control as well

-	Disable/enable RFCs

-	Read read-counter and reset pwd on that NFC

License
-------

Copyright &copy; 2015 emdete

All parts but the original code are licensed under GPLv3.

Donate
------

If willing to donate please donate to TapUnlock (see below for information on
how).

TapUnlock
=========

The original
[TapUnlock](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.moonpi.tapunlock)
is an NFC-enabled lockscreen for Android with a focus on speed, simplicity and
security. For more info, screenshots and FAQs visit the [Google Play
Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.moonpi.tapunlock).

TapUnlock License
-----------------

Copyright &copy; 2014 MoonPi

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

TapUnlock Donate
----------------

To support development, you can donate with PayPal or Card using the following
[link](http://goo.gl/TQRlTa). For Bitcoin donations, our address is:
1NZGAU1rEs1zBpwdjmnBjiyRsJHfycWhSF. Donations as 'In-app purchases' are also
available through the 'Donate' section inside the app. The donations help us
implement new features and deliver updates at a faster rate. Any amount would
be most appreciated. Thank you!

